##Prototype

###Construction Process
	
####Materials:
-	Arduino Pro 
-	Non-Invasive Current Sensor
-	330 ohm resistor
-	10k ohm resistor
-	10uF Capacitor
-	10 jumper wires
-	9 volt battery
-	Copper wire
-	Auxillary cord adaptor (for sensor)

####Procedure:
1.	Gather materials from McGuckins, SparkFun, and Tim May
2.	Assemble circuitry using sample circuit from SparkFun website
3.	Modify SparkFun example code to fit Andre’s needs
4.	Create artificial electric fence using battery and wire
5.	Test prototype functionality using battery circuit
6.	Test prototype functionality using pulsing circuit

###Features

-	For our prototype, we decided on trying to accomplish the goal of proving that the non-invasive current sensor would function on a pulsing electric fence. The prototype features a non-invasive current sensor that detects current (in amps) by measuring the magnetic field generated by an electric current. The sensor’s reading is then outputted on the arduino interface. Also outputted is a message for Andre. When the sensor reads 0, the message “Andre, your fence is down!” is displayed and when the sensor reads a current greater than 0, the message “Andre, your fence is doing fine.” This message simulates the communication between arduinos that will be used in the final design (using xbees). The prototype proved that the non-invasive current sensor is able to read the current of both a continuous circuit and a pulsing circuit. The functionality of the device on a pulsing circuit is crucial because electric fences run using high voltage pulses.

###Fallbacks

-	Initially, we wanted the prototype to use the non-invasive current sensor to read a current value and then communicate that value to another arduino using an xbee. However, we were unable to get the xbee to function prior to the deadline. The xbee functionality will instead be the main part of our critical component. Another fallback of the prototype is the unaccounted costs that we encountered. The xbee will not function without an xbee shield. The addition of the xbee shield brings the price of the measuring station to around $80 without solar panels. This makes it near impossible to create four of these stations under budget. We learned that we must find an alternative to the xbee or cut down the number of measuring stations that we will manufacture. 
 
  
